Some new guest options for expire time (#1447)
filesender/filesender: docs/v2.0/admin/configuration/index.md

	* __email_guest_created:__ send the guest an email when the guest voucher is created.
	* __email_guest_created_receipt:__ send the guest invitation owner an email when the guest voucher is created.
	* __email_guest_expired:__ send the guest an email when the guest voucher is expired.

> 	* __guest\_uploads\_expire\_when\_guest\_expires:__ [optional] Try to set the transfer expire time to the guest expire time if it is close enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* __guest\_upload\_expire\_is\_guest\_expire:__ [optional] Try to set the default transfer expire time to the guest expire time if it is close enough.
```
